#46 add stream exists behavior (#50)
openid/sharedsignals: openid-sharedsignals-framework-1_0.md

the Event Transmitter responds with a "201 Created" response containing a
[JSON][RFC7159] representation of the stream’s configuration in the body.

> If the stream already exists, the Event Transmitter responds with HTTP status code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a stream already exists, the expected behavior is for the Transmitter to create a new stream with a different ID. If the Transmitter does not want to allow multiple streams per receiver, it MAY respond with HTTP status code
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with changing "the stream" to "a stream". However, instead of using "expected behavior is..." we should use the verbs "SHOULD" or "MUST" as appropriate. I feel having a "MUST" here will help interoperability. I suggest the following text: "If a stream already exists, and the Transmitter allows multiple streams with the same Receiver, then the Transmitter MUST respond with a new stream ID. If the Transmitter does not allow multiple streams with the same Receiver, it MUST respond with the HTTP status code 200 OK and include the representation of the existing stream's configuration".

Author: Addressed in [9497085](https://github.com/openid/sharedsignals/pull/50/commits/94970859e67adfb2248a79703986d356fdc2cb04)

> "200 OK" and includes a [JSON][RFC7159] representation of the stream’s configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"200 OK" and includes a [JSON][RFC7159] representation of the existing stream’s configuration
```

Author: Addressed in [9497085](https://github.com/openid/sharedsignals/pull/50/commits/94970859e67adfb2248a79703986d356fdc2cb04)

the Event Transmitter responds with a "201 Created" response containing a
[JSON][RFC7159] representation of the stream’s configuration in the body.

If a stream already exists, and the Transmitter allows multiple streams with the
same Receiver, the Event Transmitter MUST respond with a new stream ID. If the
Transmitter does not allow multiple streams with the same Receiver, it MUST respond

> respond with HTTP status code "200 OK" and include a [JSON][RFC7159] representation

Reviewer: What should happen if the Transmitter does not allow multiple streams, a stream already exists, and the details of that stream are different from the values in this POST request?

Reviewer: I think the last sentence should be changed to say

If the Transmitter does not allow multiple streams with the same Receiver, it MUST respond with a "409 - Conflict" error code. The Receiver MAY then GET the existing stream configuration and, if desired, use PATCH or PUT to update or replace the existing stream configuration.

Reviewer 3: From [the description of 409](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9110#status.409) it looks to be remediable which is not the case here. I think we should stay with 200 OK as return the existing stream config

Adding a new status code would require the existing implementation to change the error handling when this draft is approved. 

Also, may break idempotency expectations with different outcome for same request

Reviewer: > Also, may break idempotency expectations with different outcome for same request

Good point! Ok, then we need to address the case where a Receiver tries to "create" a stream a second time with different information. What should happen? An error? A silent update?

Reviewer 3: > What should happen? An error? A silent update?

Another option is to ignore the input and respond with the existing stream. The stream ID would indicate that the transmitter did not create a new stream

Author: 2023-08-01 call: consensus on 409

the Event Transmitter responds with a "201 Created" response containing a
[JSON][RFC7159] representation of the stream’s configuration in the body.

If a stream already exists, and the Transmitter allows multiple streams with the
same Receiver, the Event Transmitter MUST respond with a new stream ID. If the
Transmitter does not allow multiple streams with the same Receiver, it MUST respond
respond with HTTP status code "409 Conflict". The Receiver MAY then GET the
existing stream configuration and, if desired, use PATCH or PUT to update or
replace the existing stream configuration.

> 

Reviewer 3: Please add 409 in the error table below
